---
title: UAV system based on multiple integrated navigation chip
summary: In collaboration with SJTU and NUDT, supervised by Prof. Duan Huang at CSU. (Patent Number 2024100236906)
tags:
  - Demo
date: '2022-04-27T00:00:00Z'

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link: ''

image:
  caption: Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash
  focal_point: Smart

url_code: 'https://github.com/Han-0107/Real_UAV'
url_pdf: ''
url_slides: ''
url_video: ''

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
# slides: example
---

## Basic principle

This work uses high-performance integrated beam scanning and LiDAR chip technology to realize the UAV's precise perception of the surrounding environment. Compared with the traditional mechanical lidar, this technology can greatly reduce the volume and weight of the liDAR module while combining the advantages of the traditional mechanical liDAR's active and accurate detection and light insensitivity, and release the load capacity of the small unmanned aerial system, so that the unmanned aerial system can carry more equipment to meet the different needs of different scenarios. Improve the flexibility of the UAV system.

## BDS/INS embedded technology

This work uses BDS/INS embedded deep coupling technology to conduct precise guidance for flight control of unmanned aerial system. Improve the anti-fraud and robustness of navigation system. In the UAV flight control, the Beidou navigation system provides real-time position information for the UAV to improve its flight accuracy and navigation ability. The inertial navigation system analyzes whether the integrated navigation system receives interference by measuring the two inertial information of speed and position, and uses the deception detection algorithm to analyze whether the integrated navigation system receives interference, and constructs a time series model to distinguish signals. Control the drone system to respond in time. According to the actual requirements, the integrated navigation system can operate in the automatic flight mode and the controlled flight mode respectively, which greatly improves the multi-scene adaptability of the UAV system and meets the requirements in different scenarios.

## End-to-end object detection method

This work uses the end-to-end object detection method to make full use of the three-dimensional information of the point cloud. It is mainly divided into three parts: single view feature extraction, multi-view feature fusion and fusion feature detection. Firstly, feature extraction is carried out for single view. Multi-view feature map is generated by processing RGB image and point cloud by multi-stream CNN trunk, and point cloud voxelization and natural scene feature extraction are carried out respectively. Then multi-view features are self-adaptive fusion point by point, point features are weighted and structural information is learned. Finally, the fusion and reweighted point features are voxelized again and input as the fusion backbone for the final 3D detection. This algorithm can realize the target detection well.
